tell it just watching vegan Ava here and
a crack enough laughing in dissident I
would like to share with you some of the
secrets and simple tips how to get at
like Jen Selter I don't know if her
boyfriend speaks English is his first
language but it's even though it's such
a small error to me it really is
hilarious that she says I'm going to
give you tips on how to get ass like Jen
Selter she said how to get an ass like
her not vas no the ass of jut know how
to get ass like Jen says in the English
language how to get ass has a different
meaning for how to get an ass
I'm sorry English is a terrible language
of Todd English of studied English it's
horrible we have all these rules set up
just so that you know will never will
never lack jobs for people teaching ESL
but anyway man Ava I don't even guess
her boyfriend doesn't speak English as a
first language other rough rough trade
Ava but let's hear let's hear your tips
on how to get ass and if you don't know
who Jen Selter
is she's and Instagram star she became
extremely famous because of her tone
around a huge box and the only anecdote
I have about Jen Selter is that a
well-known rapper on his podcast was
hitting on her that was very memorable
to me that he interrupted his podcast
you very sincerely try to get a date
going with Jen Selter and I thought wow
you know that's that is micro Fame
defined but everyone is talking about
her but and she basically became famous
posing in sportswear wearing sports bras
or tiny topes leggings or short shorts
that are actually showing her bod and
sneakers and she became really really
famous because of her huge back and lean
physique this is true this is some
incisive commentary from vegan Ava but
it's interesting to me that Ava does not
seem to recognize that this undercuts
the whole methodology of freelee the
banana girl and the methodology that Ava
herself copies
methodology that you know ava has copied
from durianrider into some extent from
freely of pretending that veganism is
the only way you can achieve your goals
achieve your dreams there are all these
people like Jen Selter who are selling
the same dream right and Jen Selter eats
meat everyday people so now you know I
don't give a damn it's obviously beauty
is in the eye of the beholder I don't
care if you find Jen Selter more
attractive than freely or whatever this
is ridiculous but for some people that's
the look they're trying to achieve so
what are you gonna do are you are you
gonna God trying to base vegan activism
on people's fantasies about what kind of
body they can achieve through diet and
exercise is just the most
counterproductive ill-fated dead-ended
form of activism measurable for the last
4 years it's been the most prominent and
it's it's mesmerizing hypnotized people
like vegan Ava precisely because vegan
Ava imagines she can live a certain kind
of lifestyle while exercising and
pursuing this form of activism but
pathetic well yeah Jen Selter Jen Selter
has a body that a lot of people
including some rap artists admire not me
not my type
so what every I mean come on man every
magazine on the rack is full of women
who eat meat on the daily who are
presenting you with one idealized image
of a healthy body after another so how
are you gonna win how can veganism
possibly win you know yes we also have
our magazine on the rack next to
Cosmopolitan next to Vogue our magazine
is never gonna sell as many numbers as
cosmopolitan vogue we're never gonna
have more half-naked women convincing
people to emulate their diet and most of
the people in my opinion this is not
said but you might be most people who
try provisionally try that in order to
get those results physically or in terms
of personal Beauty they do give up
because they're not committed to
veganism for the right reasons and
veganism doesn't give them the results
they want anyway it's a sham what we
have to offer in veganism I mean it's
it's such a simple message it's so
positive it's so beautiful it's such a
wonderful positive difference you can
make in the world today no matter who
you are even if you're our taxi dry
even if you're a bus driver there are
many things in the world you have to be
well-educated or powerful or wealthy to
do this is a positive change you can
make for you and for your grandchildren
and for your great-grandchildren for the
future of the planet for the animals bla
bla bla I can sell it on that
fundamentally ethical basis ecological
basis etc but I can't sell it to you
because it'll give you a better ass or
are tighter waist I can't and even if I
try to sell it then I'm just one more
book on the shelf I'm one more magazine
on the rack but me it's one more image
of a slender woman trying to sell you
this dream and you know I've joked about
it here because God knows we got we got
plenty of slender women here in China
who eat meat daily ok
I'm surrounded by examples of the lean
figure that many American women aspire
to but they've accomplished it while
eating meat every single day and I
remember joking you know it's like well
you know with one of these girls who so
slim you know I've got to get her to
come on camera with me and pretend that
she lost her weight because of my vegan
diet you know I signed up for a battle
of shells ate bagels a day diet I used
to be 300 pounds and look at me now
however none of the women I joked about
doing that with none of them are vegan
they're all very slim and some peas
slimming athletic women we meet every
day my gym I just came from the gym when
I finished filming this I'm gonna go
back to the gym my gym is full of
slender athletic women who eat meat
every single day so we can't win but
anyway and Jen Selter can't win either
man God there was a famous quote from
Charlamagne tha God Charlamagne tha God
is a radio personality that is his
actual name Charlemagne the guy he calls
himself God I'm not calling him God
Charlamagne tha God famously said to
Buffy the body my mouth will get you
more fame than your rear-end because she
was a model also who is famous for the
size of her bum and she sold a diet book
and an exercise book in exercise videos
that kind of fame is fleeting and
Charlemagne was right he's going on to
great things
so it's an explosive minute to get off
like chance out there naturally ah I was
I was really laughing before I hit
record about that I gotta say I should
have recorded my first outburst of
laughter but again thank you vegan Ava
is it possible to get ass like Jensen
[Music]
not to get an ass like J is it possible
to get ass like Jensen that's what I
wanted all Ava nobody else Oh killing
the game show the game Ava disappoint
you you can literally spend the rest of
your life in the gym but you will never
achieve her but because whoa
plot twist you can spend the rest of
your life in the gym without achieving
her butt whoa
her body is simply not natural oh that's
where you're gonna take it guess what I
got I got bad news for you
freelee the banana girl is also not
natural freelee the banana girl has
silicone breast implants plastic
surgeons who were shown her pictures of
her but of her glute muscles if it's
actually possible to achieve this kind
of huge round but naturally and most of
them are saying that it is physically
impossible because if you look at her
physique she is extremely and she has
very lean waist she has very lean legs
she is very lean arms she is not having
like developed muscles on whole of her
body I actually I'm not a fan of Jen
Selter I haven't looked at that many
pictures of her but this video is
showing me images while vegan Ava is
breaking it down breaking it down for
the vegans in the house um I just think
some of the images are photoshopped some
of them look fake because the photo has
been distorted to exaggerate the side
but there are some photos where she
looks like a totally normal
proportional person except from her Bob
and usually if you do this kind of
exercise like squirrels or just
different kinds of exercise in the gym
lifting weights or just with your body
weight to get round BOTS and yes you can
develop a nice round toned bot but also
you will usually develop cut wipe big
ties for a girl and she's okay so
anecdote I'm one of the women I loved in
my life I'm not gonna say who let's use
a fake name okay no fake name one of the
women I loved in my life was at the gym
and there were two African women who
approached her for advice repeatedly on
how to get a bigger bum so these were
two African immigrants obviously we were
not living in Africa but they were
directly from Africa they're not African
American they're not black people they
are people born and grew up in Africa
who migrated okay these two women asking
they were asking this woman in my life
for advice on how to have a larger bomb
because this woman in my life did have a
very impressive as one of her many
redeeming qualities wonderful wonderful
words what William Bemis so anyways and
this this woman in my life had to reply
to about 10 questions in a row about
what type of meat they should be eating
to have a bigger bomb by saying no
actually I'm V the questions are long
lines of oh you know I hear that chicken
fat helps you get a bigger bomb is that
sure you know everyone tells me I should
be eating more chicken fat so I could
have more of a big rear and then it was
this long list of other like you know
completely unscientific but you know
ultimately fat based methods that have a
bigger but ultimately you know if you
eat chicken fat you're eating fat and
you know it's still it's still fat and
on some level like every time you know
the answer like no well I don't eat any
chicken fat I don't need any you know
beef stock whatever was all these crazy
ideas about different kinds of meat that
I'll give you a beer I'm vegan this is
not the way I do it so
I don't know I mean like so many things
in the beauty industry it's the same
with the skin creams all this stuff
people believe what they want to believe
you know and a lot of this mythology
people grew up with it with their with
their grandparents or what have you they
grew up with some of these crazy stories
and like they cling to it I guess some
of them will cling to it till the day
they die anyway vegan and I'll break it
down having this if you just look at her
legs her legs are extremely mean and if
you just focus on her buck for a while
it simply looks like the buck doesn't
even belong to her slim lean body and
yes zombie this is not really the
direction of something this video going
there I think this is just over
interpretation I mean the reality is a
lot of the modeling industry these days
the photographs are fake whether or not
your body is fake because they use
Photoshop they use digital computer
means to modify the image that her 100%
natural because gems handle herself says
and she also refuses these claims that
people are accusing having fake bod and
having buck implants she completely
refuses it she says that she knows that
her ass is only thanks to hard work and
she definitely does not have any work
down on her butt but Jen saw the result
she already had a nose job done when she
was only 15 years old that is true
the nose is definitely fake on Jen
Selter so I mean like if you don't mind
having a plastic surgery of your nose
why would you not make your butt like
look amazing I have a really simple
answer for that vegan Ava because you
don't sit on your nose if you have
implants in your bum you are really
disabled and that's why they're illegal
in the United States but the United
States it's mostly injections of liquid
that are not long-lasting that's a
temporary effect but the actual implants
and with silicone implants they affect
your ability to walk they affect your
ability to sit in a chair so for many
people that is a bridge too far it
exists but in terms of what's going on
in the hip hop industry you're mostly
talking about injections of
ultimately of liquids that again that's
an illegal procedure in the United
States of America but it's not illegal
everywhere so people go on vacation to
Latin America and get those injections
you know breast implants at least you
don't sit on your breasts right but it
is a very scary surgery with very
serious implications your gluteus
maximus those muscles they help you walk
they help you stand they help you sit
you're using them all day and you know
if it's even slightly uncomfortable
good luck sleeping if you have pain in
those muscles it doesn't matter if you
sleep on your front or your side your
back your life is gonna be misery so
anyway vegan Ava I think you're out of
your league here although I really
expect the high moral tone and
intellectual caliber of vegan Ava's
output I think I think vegan Ava bit off
more than she could chew when she
decided to tackle the topic of how to
get ass like Jen Selter